self-harm
Mr. Ye
You must be joking, right?
This is the funniest joke I've ever heard
I didn't expect Mr. Ye
Still such a humorous person
Hahaha me
I'm serious.
Mr. Ye, what do you mean?
You go and admit that I was wrong first
Your family did something wrong, but your demands are strict
It's too impersonal
Mr. Ye, we are the people who see you.
You don't need to come forward to watch the Zhao family
I'll solve it later.
You said before that as long as I suppress the dragon vein
Any request can be agreed.
Why not?
Mr. Ye
We mean what compensation do you want?
We can all be satisfied
Money power
As long as you can think of
Please don't hesitate to drive
You made us kill ourselves
When you asked me to suppress the dragon vein
But very devout
Mr. Xie
We represent the highest power laid down
You still have a great future
He doesn't understand himself and let us kill ourselves
Where are we squatting down?
Logically speaking, you are just 5 pieces of trash
You are also afraid to die that my father
My Wife
My daughter, aren't they afraid of death?
You dare to come down the mountain and destroy me